Add blog review guideline to Reviewing PRs page (#48180)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/contribute/review/reviewing-prs.md

- Do the changes show up in the Netlify preview? Be particularly vigilant about lists, code
  blocks, tables, notes and images.

### Blog

> - Early feedback of blog posts are welcome via a Google Doc or HackMD. Please request for early feedback on the [#sig-docs-blog Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/CJDHVD54J).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Early feedback on blog posts is welcome via a Google Doc or HackMD. Please request input early from the [#sig-docs-blog Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/CJDHVD54J).
```

Author: suggestion added

> - Before reviewing blog PRs, be familiar with the [Submitting blog posts and case studies](/docs/contribute/new-content/blogs-case-studies/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Before reviewing blog PRs, be familiar with [Submitting blog posts and case studies](/docs/contribute/new-content/blogs-case-studies/).
```

Author: suggestion added

> - Blog posts from kubernetes.dev can be mirrored on kubernetes.io within 5 days of initial publication.

Reviewer 3: "within 5 days"? What does this mean?

Reviewer 4: Could we use hours instead? In general, it's more universal and not timezone dependent.

Author: This is meant to clarify any unwritten rules (if any) on mirroring blog posts from kubernetes.dev to kubernetes.io

Author: The time frame is removed from the PR
Marking resolved

> - Blog posts from kubernetes.dev can be mirrored on kubernetes.io within 5 days of initial publication.

Reviewer 5: Try this:
```suggestion
- We are willing to mirror any blog article that was published to https://kubernetes.dev/blog/
  (the contributor blog) provided that:
  - the mirrored article has the same publication date
  - for PRs that arrive the original article was merged to https://kubernetes.dev/, there haven't
    been (and won't be) any articles published to the main blog between the original and mirrored
    article publish. This is because we don't want to add articles to people's feeds except at the very end
    of the feed.
  - the original article doesn't contravene any strongly recommended review guidelines or community norms

  You should set the canonical URL for the mirrored article, to the URL of the original article (you can use
  a preview to predict the URL and fill this in ahead of actual publication). Use the `canonicalUrl` field
  in [front matter](https://gohugo.io/content-management/front-matter/) for this.
```

Reviewer: I like this update; we privilege timely kubernetes.dev posts, but no other site gets this treatment—all other posts should be original content. Do we want to add anything about specifically not accepting PRs that mirror any other blog's posts? Or is it enough that we say that blog posts should be original content in the [Blogs and Case studies Guidelines section](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/new-content/blogs-case-studies/#guidelines-and-expectations)?

Reviewer: I like this update; we privilege timely kubernetes.dev posts, but no other site gets this treatment—all other posts should be original content. Do we want to add anything about specifically not accepting PRs that mirror any other blog's posts? Or is it enough that we say that blog posts should be original content in the [Blogs and Case studies Guidelines section](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/new-content/blogs-case-studies/#guidelines-and-expectations)?

Reviewer 5: We could clarify the special case exceptions (k8s.dev, and also we are willing to mirror the CNCF blog where relevant) that exempt from the original content requirement. I think that's a good point to make.

Author: suggestion added

> - Consider the target audience if the blog post is appropriate for kubernetes.io e.g. if the target audience are Kubernetes
>  developers then kubernetes.dev may be more appropriate or if the blog post is on general platform engineering then it may be 
>  more suitable on another site.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Consider the target audience and whether the blog post is appropriate for kubernetes.io
  For example, if the target audience are Kubernetes contributors only then kubernetes.dev
  may be more appropriate, or if the blog post is on general platform engineering then it may be 
  more suitable on another site.

  This consideration applies to mirrored articles too; although we are willing to consider all valid
  contributor articles for mirroring if a PR is opened, we don't mirror all of them.
```
BTW uses “we“ but I think that's OK given context.

Author: suggestion added

> - The [content guide](/docs/contribute/style/content-guide/) and [style guide](/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/) apply 
> to blog PRs.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- The [content guide](/docs/contribute/style/content-guide/) applies unconditionally to blog articles
  and the PRs that add them. Bear in mind that some restrictions in the guide state that they are only
  relevant to documentation; those restrictions don't apply to blog articles.
- The [style guide](/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/) largely also applies to blog PRs, but we make some exceptions.
  
  - it is OK to use “we“ in a blog article that has multiple authors, or where the article introduction
     clearly indicates that the author is writing on behalf of a specific group.
  - we avoid using Kubernetes shortcodes for callouts (such as `{{< caution >}}`)
  - statements about the future are OK, albeit we use them with care in official announcements on
    behalf of Kubernetes
  - code samples don't need to use the `{{< code_sample >}}` shortcode, and often it is better if they do not
  - we are OK to have authors write an article in their own writing style, so long as most readers
    would follow the point being made
- The [diagram guide](/docs/contribute/style/diagram-guide/) is aimed at Kubernetes documentation,
  not blog articles. It is still good to align with it but:
  - we prefer SVG over raster diagram formats, and also over Mermaid (you can still capture the Mermaid source in a comment)
  - there is no need to caption diagrams as Figure 1, Figure 2 etc
```

> 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion

We only mark blog articles as maintained (`evergreen: true` in front matter) if the Kubernetes project
is happy to commit to maintaining them indefinitely. Some blog articles absolutely merit this, and we
always mark our release announcements evergreen. Check with other contributors if you are not sure
how to review on this point.

```

Author: suggestion added
